Updated contributing details for Enterprise packaging clarity/transparency (#2564)
sensu/sensu-go: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Push your feature branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
1. Create a Pull Request as appropriate based on the issue discussion

Sensu is and always will be open source, and we continue to highly
value community contribution. The packages we’re releasing for new

> versions are from our Enterprise repo; Sensu Go is the upstream for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions are built from our Enterprise repo; Sensu Go is the upstream for
```

Sensu Enterprise (as they’d say in the Go community: Sensu Go is
vendored into the Sensu Enterprise Go repo). We encourage you to
download new versions, as the functionality will be identical to what
you find in the public repo, and access to the enterprise-only
features can be unlocked with a license key. Because these releases

> are in our Enterprise repo, there may be times that you don’t see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are made from our Enterprise repo, there may be times that you don’t see the
```
